{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;\red36\green255\blue12;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red253\green139\blue9;\red255\green255\blue11;\red27\green128\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;\cssrgb\c3296\c100000\c3296;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;
\cssrgb\c100000\c61456\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c11095\c58865\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9640\viewh13780\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 W\
\cf2 Acer Nitro 515-54-55YM\
OpenCore .70 Monterey \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 ~~All Working~~\cf0 \
\pard\tx2693\pardeftab560\li2693\fi-2694\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 Intel UHD Graphics 630 (Mobile) - full metal support\
USB C, 3.1 and 2 ports\
BCM4360 Wifi Bluetooth // Airdrop handoff sidecar working\
Ethernet RTL811 working\
Touchpad and keyboard fully working with ssdt\'92s\
Battery fully recognized and display brightness works within os control\
Boot windows through OpenCore or refind. \
\
Mac OS on sing sata SSD\
Windows on 2 Raid 0 m.2 NVME drives with intel RST ON in bios. \
Opencore works with bios set to SATA OR Intel RST (sata unsupported kext)\
Boot chime works usually lol\
\
~~Not Working~~\
NVIDIA GTX 1050 (disables with -wegnoegpu)\
	will only with with high Sierra.. no thanks\
	ill live without the cdmi port while in osx, battery on battery anyway!
\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf5 CPU:\cf0 Intel i5 9300h 4c8t\
\
\cf6 GPU: ogpu intel UHD 630 / Nvidia gtx 1050\cf0 \
\

\f1\b \cf7 Wifi BT Replaced: BCM4360 
\f0\b0 \cf0  \
\
Use macserial to generate serials for MacBook Pro15,3\
Select config and dump it in and you\'92re good to go!\
\
Quick tip, if you wish to change your data or raid setup in bios, go to the second from right tab, and click ctrl + s and hidden menu will open so you can change it. Unless its set to data you won\'92t see your drives in linux or Mac unless you use kext data unsupported. I have it in this efi so shunt matter. \
\
Also, I\'92ve removed my serials so all you need to do is generate new ones and put them in. Also change for your hardware. But enjoy!}